Show DB "callers" in the DB panel (#501)
yiisoft/yii2-debug: docs/guide/installation.md

];
```

> More information about the DB panel can be found [here](db-panel.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the DB panel can be found in [database queries](db-panel.md) section.  
```
